welcome to the man of recaps this is
fear the walking dead season six yes
fierce season seven is almost here and
the best way to watch it is on amc plus
link in the description to sign up now
and join in for this wild new season so
at the end of season five morgan and
friends were finally being forced to
join the villainous virginia's big texas
group she's splitting them all up
between her various settlements so they
don't cause trouble but the leader
morgan was too much of a threat she shot
him and left him for dead but morgan
survives yes a mysterious person patched
him up although not very well virginia
suspects he might have survived so she
sends this cool bounty hunter guy after
him who has a sweet axe morgan's like
don't come any closer i got a gun but
this dude's like yo morgan everyone in
texas knows you don't kill people you
literally made psa videotapes about it
and yeah morgan's in no killing mode so
there's only so much he can do to this
guy now morgan makes a random friend who
takes him to his secret settlement
behind a dam yeah there used to be a
lake here but it's all dried up and
virginia doesn't know about it the
bounty hunter finds him though and
morgan beats him with the stick but it's
like hey man i'll never stop coming
after you you're gonna have to kill me
and so morgan has to break his vow of
non-killing yet again and oh chops this
guy's head off yes morgan's entire
character arc has been flip-flopping
between kill everyone and don't kill
anyone maybe there's a middle ground
there but now he's back in murder mode
he takes this guy's axe and actually
grafts it onto a stick to make a sweet
stick axe in fact he completely steals
this guy's identity puts on his clothes
and takes his dog and he gets virginia
on the radio like morgan jones is dead
you're dealing with someone else now
that was a symbolic statement though he
doesn't actually change his name now
random guy had a pregnant wife and he
died but she gave birth and names the
baby morgan so morgan's got a new
mission now to rescue his friends from
virginia and build a nice happy
settlement here at morgan's hidden
valley so virginia's main settlement is
latin alicia and strand are being taken
here for bad behavior also living here
is daniel salazar who claims to have
amnesia only remembers he's a barber not
that he's an ex-special forces killing
machine long story short though he's
clearly faking at the prison strand and
alicia make friends with this pre-teen
dakota who's got bangs just like
virginia's in fact she is virginia's
little sister who's run away from home
because her sister's too controlling
more on her later anyway their
punishment is to kill a bunch of zombies
and pretty soon they're overwhelmed but
strand grabs this guy like hey i know
how you can help and oh stabs him then
kicks him out there as walker bait oh
strand that's some hardcore sheen season
2 stuff right there and now with the
distraction they gun the rest of them
down as a reward virginia promotes
strange to be one of her rangers but
where does strand's true loyalties lie
well you know he loves playing both
sides now john dory the gunslinger with
the heart of gold was also made a ranger
and he's got a pretty nice life here in
lawton one sad thing he misses his wife
june you remember they got married last
season but one night another ranger
winds up dead and virginia's like case
closed it was an accident john dory
smells a cover-up though and
investigates finds a girl who's a real
culprit but turns out it was a double
cover-up this girl was just a scapegoat
and before john can crack the case oh
she's executed but for solving the case
john is promoted even though justice
wasn't served and this reminds jon of
his father who was a cop and put away a
serial killer by planting evidence so
john's morally conflicted now dwight and
al are out on scout duty long story
short they find a building infected with
the bubonic plague and turns out their
roof is a landing pad for civic republic
helicopters yeah remember in season five
al met one of their pilots who crashed
and even though she was supposed to
shoot her on site they ended up making
out and this is her in that helicopter
oh the forbidden romance continues and
speaking of romance who does dwight find
here but sherry his long-lost wife
finally reunited after a love story that
started on the walking dead prime so
they begin their forever honeymoon but
it's rudely interrupted by weirdos in
masks turns out these are sherry's new
friends they're the resistance against
virginia and sherry wants to help him
take her down one big problem virginia
now has the swat truck which gives her
some pretty big firepower but this gang
has a horsepowered fast and furious
heist they get the swat truck back but
sherry won't rest until virginia's dead
and dwight's like hey do you even know
virginia of course it's not really about
virginia it's about sherry's own former
oppressor negan sherry's heart is
consumed by revenge and until she gets
it she and dwight are on a break
meanwhile this season we've gotten hints
of a new group who likes to graffiti the
end is the beginning and apparently they
have a beached submarine on the bounty
hunter morgan found a mysterious key and
one day these guys track him down like
hey that's our key we hired him to get
it for us but murder morgan's not
messing around instantly kills these
guys without asking questions to the
viewers who know they have a submarine
we can kind of assume that key's gonna
launch a nuclear missile but this end is
the beginning crew has been sabotaging
virginia's settlements and one day at
tank town the oil refinery where luciana
was actually put in charge to give her
character something to do there's an
explosion oh and it looks like it was
sabotage long story short virginia winds
up stuck with a zombie all gets bit on
the hand she's gonna amputate to stop
from turning but jun's in there with her
like hey you're the bad guy i should let
you die but virginia's like wait am i
the bad guy i haven't even done anything
all that bad and it's like yeah i guess
you're right i will save you but john
dory doesn't approve he's like oh
virginia's corrupt and june's like look
it's the best we got we got to change
things from the inside but john's having
a crisis of conscience so what's he
gonna do meanwhile strand was put on
babysitting duty but dakota just loves
to run away he recruits alicia to help
him find her since she's already kind of
adopted this one preteen charlie long
story short they're kind of kidnapped by
this crazy guy who claims not to be
crazy but definitely is crazy he's
grafted antlers onto these zombies but
in the end morgan comes to save him he's
like hey dakota's a great bargaining
chip we'll trade her for the rest of our
friends but alicia's bonded with this
girl she's like we're not giving her
back to her evil sister we gotta protect
her and morgan's like fine i'll just
come up with some other plan so john
dory having a crisis of the soul goes
back to his cabin and oh he's getting
ready to kill himself but he's rudely
interrupted by his friend morgan coming
to crash here with the fugitive preteen
so john dory helps him kill some zombies
so they can cross this bridge but then
jon discovers that dakota had the
missing knife she's the one that killed
the ranger yeah she was trying to run
away and that guy stopped her and john's
like yo that's no excuse to kill people
but dakota's kind of a little psychopath
she's like killing people don't bother
me in fact she shoots john dory what no
the best character on the show don't
worry though he's fine he titanics
himself onto a door and floats down to
his cabin where his nurse wife june is
waiting to heal him but what's this oh
no he put out on the way down he did die
he gets a zombie farewell with his wife
june it is heartbreaking now dakota's
not done dropping bombshells she's got
another secret turns out she was the
mysterious person who healed morgan so
that he could survive and kill her
sister morgan's like dang girl you got
issues but now virginia wants her sister
back she's done messing around lines up
all of morgan's friends gonna execute
him including grace who is morgan's
pregnant girlfriend although remember
the baby's not his and actually they're
not even officially dating so morgan
rides in to save the day but he didn't
bring dakota to trade in fact he had no
plan at all so virginia goes to victor
strand like hey i want you to execute
your old friends to prove your new
loyalty and stran's like don't get me
wrong i mean i might but i have a
different plan he's used his slick
talking skills to get a bunch of the
rangers on his side and it's mutiny
against virginia in the chaos morgan got
out with virginia it's like by the way
why does your little sister hate you so
much and the truth is i don't know
there's basically no good reason but
virginia has a secret because dakota's
not her little sister she is her
daughter so morgan feels bad for her now
and gives her a tour of morgan's hidden
valley which is really coming along
pretty well but strand and the rangers
want virginia dead as does sherry and
her baby mask friends so to keep the
peace morgan has to execute her but oh
he jon snows it he lets her live he's
like look virginia's defeated we don't
have to kill her in fact he dramatically
thrusts his stick ax into the ground let
this be a symbol that i don't kill
people again but june wants revenge for
jon's death and she's not going to kill
a kid but she will kill virginia who is
tangentially guilty i guess and no june
shoots her wow hardcore and so life is
good at morgan's in valley all of our
friends are back together including the
most important character skidmark the
cat yes he survived but wait a minute
what about this end is the beginning
crew well just as they're meeting about
them boom a bomb goes off not in the
tent which would have killed them all
but right outside where no one was hurt
there's a mystery when someone steals
all the guns and daniel thinks he was
strand he's still pretty mad at victor
for shooting him in the face back in
season three but turns out they find the
missing guns in daniel's shed he's like
i don't remember stealing them and
instead of assuming whoever planted the
bomb also set daniel up they're like hey
man sorry you're getting old i guess you
got the dementia eventually some of our
crew finally tracks down the end of the
beginning group who are living in a cool
bunker alicia's like whoa i've already
been on a show with bunkers and nuclear
apocalypses am i really doing this again
but for now they're pretending they want
to join the group and it's very quickly
apparent they're a cult they've got a
zombie tied to a tree it's like hey look
from death spring's life the end is the
beginning alicia's like yeah mind blown
now remember wes who spent season five
painting trees with alicia he sees the
artwork here and he's like oh i
recognize that because that's the art
style of his long-lost brother it's like
hey bro so glad you found us you're
gonna love it here we have this awesome
plan to nuke all of texas and rebuild
from the ashes west is like bro that's a
terrible idea you've been brainwashed
into a cult and pretty soon when they
take the group prisoner wes has no
choice but to oh fight with his brother
push him into the tree zombie so our
crew makes their escape through a room
full of embalmed zombies and alicia's
like you guys go i'll hold him off it's
like oh actually you don't have to the
door's right here we can all just walk
out right now i said you guys go i'm
gonna hold him off and so alicia lights
the match drops it in embalming fluid oh
sacrifices herself to save the group she
survives though she's fine and now she
gets to meet the head honcho the big
cult leader teddy he's got a charismatic
way of talking and the kind of beard
where you just gotta trust this guy
meanwhile grace has a whole dream
episode where she meets her future
grown-up daughter she gets to see old
man morgan and the bright future he's
built at morganton valley which now has
horses so it's morgan's hidden valley
ranch in reality though she was hit by a
car bomb and is in bad shape the end is
the beginning crew is here for that key
but morgan's not messing around oh he
kills him even with the stick he doesn't
kill this guy though so he comes back
with the one thing that can defeat a
stick a gun so morgan gives up the key
and right now grace is going into labor
but the happy future she dreamt is not
coming to pass because her doctor is
stillborn oh sad meanwhile june is out
by herself hunting the end of the
beginning people for some reason she
comes across an rv where it seems like
someone else is tracking him down yeah
it's a grumpy old man things start out
rocky between him but when he sees john
dory's old pistols he's like hey what
are you doing with my pistols what no
way this is john dory senior and turns
out the serial killer he planted
evidence on to get convicted before the
zombie apocalypse is teddy wow texas is
a really small world now they still have
alicia prisoner and one day some new
recruits come in including young dakota
she's like yeah nihilist death cult nuke
everyone go out in a blaze of glory i'm
kind of feeling it and she really likes
teddy because he listens to her when she
talks and pretends to care so she
quickly becomes fiercely loyal as for
alicia teddy locks her in a bomb shelter
by herself for an unspecified part of
the plan she's gonna be the beginning
and now they've got the nuclear keys
it's the final showdown we gotta stop
that launch morgan and strand fight
their way through the zombie-infested
submarine but at the end oh there's just
too many of them strands like hey morgan
you're willing to sacrifice yourself for
the group right morgan's like yeah of
course but why strands like well cause
i'm not and oh he kicks morgan into the
zombies sorry bro no hard feelings but
morgan miraculously makes it out of
there which is now super awkward but
after all that they're still too late
and oh the nukes are launched this is
really happening now apparently that one
missile actually had like 12 nuclear
mining missiles in it and they refused
to say what the actual targets were but
basically most of texas is getting
wasted and morgan's back in mercy mode
since there's no way to stop it now
anyway he lets teddy go so all of our
characters are scrambling to get
somewhere safe daniel thought he hurt
someone broadcasting safe coordinates
but everyone still thinks he's got
dementia they don't believe him this guy
comes with teddy's right hand man who's
now apparently confessed to where a safe
place is but on the way there daniel
hears him talk about how they're gonna
rise from the ashes like a phoenix and
later this guy also mentions a phoenix
so daniel makes a bold move he grabs the
gun and blam shoots that guy right in
the head it's like yeah they both said
phoenix he was undercover with the end
of the beginning luckily daniel's
instincts were right they were leading
them right to an epicenter so with no
better options they followed daniel's
mysterious radio voice and turns out he
was right cause flying in to evacuatum
is a civic republic helicopter yes
apparently al got in touch with her
girlfriend and they made a deal so
actually a bunch of our characters going
inside the civic republic victor's
strand running for safety finds this
random guy's cool penthouse apartment
where he's stalked with booze so not a
bad way to end the world sherry faced
with nuclear annihilation realizes she
shouldn't be harboring vengeance in her
heart but should open it up to her love
with dwight luckily these two find a
basement where cement is the beginning
people are hiding it's like yes crew you
guys that basement's ours morgan is
still in the sub pressing random buttons
but grace comes down like hey man that's
not gonna work and these two finally
share their first kiss ooh and they
figured let's go out on this high note
tell they're gonna kill themselves but
what's that noise outside the random mom
with the baby morgan breaks her leg so
to get her kid to safety she ties
herself to the dog then stabs herself
what's this crazy plan oh because
zombies don't mind walking on broken
legs wow it actually works dog mvp as
for teddy he and dakota found a spot
with a nice view for the end of the
world but oh john dory senior finally
catches up to him dakota's going to
protect her new mentor but it's like yo
kid he's been lying to you he's not
going to go out in a blaze of glory
there's a bunker right here he's going
to crawl in at the last minute what this
creepy older guy lied to me to get my
trust so as john senior and june get
into the bunker dakota turns her gun on
teddy and oh shoots him what a crazy kid
and now the time is here the bombs are
dropping boom
apparently dakota was standing close
enough she's instantly disintegrated
whoa miraculously all of our characters
found safety in bunkers but morgan does
not have a bunker he does the best he
can and dives under this truck and i
guess he was far enough away from the
explosions that's good enough he's fine
victor strand ready to face the end but
wait actually the explosion stops right
across the street dang is pretty lucky
in fact strand takes this as a sign not
that he should change his way and become
a better person but that his ruthless
will to survive is a good thing he's
gonna keep on doing what he's doing and
so morgan and friends have survived for
now but texas is gonna be a nuclear
wasteland next season it's fallout the
walking dead and that's how season six
comes to an end after that explosive
season six finale what's gonna happen in
fear season seven sign up for amc plus
the best way to watch this new season of
fear the walking dead catch the premiere
and every new episode one week early and
if you haven't already watched the first
eight episodes of the walking dead
season 11 now's the time to sign up and
binge through those this is the biggest
year ever for the walking dead universe
the world beyond season 2 is airing
right now so click the link in the
description now to sign up for amc plus
and enjoy fear season 7 and the entire
walking dead universe
if you like this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tv and movies and if you loved
this recap check out the join button and
support the channel as a member